And we are streaming.
All right.
I once again have some cereal today.
>> [clears throat]
>> I'm going to wait for people to join the
stream.
And I'm going to eat some cereal.
Hello to Sophie.
Hello Jonas 7.
Yo.
Hello.
Fui Inglai?
Welcome back to the stream.
Hello again Christina. You got your
number one crown back.
Hope cereal makes an appearance again. I
can't believe it. How did you know?
Good crunching. Thank you.
How did you know I was going to be
eating cereal?
And today once again
I'm going to be continuing my adventure
in Minecraft hardcore.
In my last video I was building this XP
farm.
And I'm going to continue building this
farm today.
We're really high up in the air.
We're on level 188.
But for now I'm going to wait as people
join the stream.
Hello Sense Pressure. Hello Yoits Ben.
Yo.
Welcome to the stream. Hello Burger buns
too.
Thanks for joining.
Thanks for joining the stream everyone.
Hello Geromats.
Geromats
Matthias? Geromats 10? Ola.
Where are you guys from?
Where are you from in the world? Tell me
in the chat. Where are you from in the
world?
Are you ready for this Sense Pressure?
I'm good today. How are you guys?
How are you in the chat?
All right. We got the Netherlands. Sense
Pressure, you're Dutch.
Tunisia.
Tunisia in the house. We got Columbia.
Belgium.
Lots of different countries this
morning.
Not this morning. It's the afternoon.
It's 1:00 p.m. here in the US.
Thanks for joining the stream everyone.
I collected a bunch more polished
deepslate.
So we should have a lot of blocks to
build with in this episode.
I'm calling with my friend. He's from
Morocco. Okay.
9:00 p.m. 9:00 p.m. in the Netherlands.
All right. I also got some of this
chiseled some of these chiseled tough
bricks. We can use these to build as
well.
Hello. Hello. Thanks for joining the
stream.
Anastasia.
Welcome.
Welcome to the stream.
Oh, look.
I can see my supporter wall
down there using my spyglass.
There's my house.
There's my barn.
And down there is my nether portal.
I used my happy ghast to get up here to
do some building.
Hello Murilo.
Welcome. Thanks for joining the stream.
Yep, this is an XP farm. You're right
Sense Pressure.
I'm working on an XP farm today.
Hopefully in this stream I can finish
this XP farm.
You want to be added to the supporter
wall?
I could add you to the supporter wall.
Thanks for subscribing. Welcome to the
channel.
Maybe later on I'll add some more names
to the supporter wall for you guys that
joined my live stream.
All right. I'm following a tutorial to
build this.
So I'll be using my phone.
Let me open the tutorial on my phone.
Okay.
I'm going to continue building.
I put my phone to auto correct to
English.
All right.
I'm going to get some of this polished
deepslate.
And from here
I need to build a wall that's two blocks
high around all this.
So let's go up two blocks. One, two.
Welcome Britto Anderson. I'm doing good
today. How are you?
Okay.
There's one wall complete.
I'll break this torch.
And I'll replace it.
I don't want any monsters to spawn up
here. Not yet.
Not while I'm still working on it.
I'll place some blocks.
I'm building a wall.
Oh, I need more deepslate.
Okay.
I'll break the torch.
And I'll place a torch right here.
Almost done.
Just one side left over here.
We need more deepslate.
Break.
Okay.
Now I just need to build a roof
on top.
I'm not going to lie. You're one of the
most underrated YouTubers in my opinion.
Aw, thank you Sense Pressure. Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Kenzo, what is your favorite thing to do
in Minecraft? Ooh, I really like
building in Minecraft. I like building
houses and building farms like this. I
like building.
Imagine you randomly die and your whole
hardcore world is done. I know. I'm
really worried about that happening.
I'm being very careful in my hardcore
world.
I don't want to die and end this series.
Why are you using a Pixel and not an
iPhone? I'm actually using an iPhone to
film this video. This camera is an
iPhone. So I just use this phone for
other things.
My iPhone is my main camera.
Is this an XP farm for all mobs? I think
all mobs except for spiders. I don't
think spiders will spawn in this farm.
Hello Te- Tasserag. Hello. Welcome to
the stream.
How to say hello in English? Just like
that. Hello. Hi.
You have this same farm in your world?
Is it a good farm Jero?
Do you like this farm? Does it work
good?
Spiders are bad.
Yeah, I don't want spiders to spawn
here.
All right. I'm going to start building
the roof.
Out of deepslate blocks.
I hope we have enough.
Okay.
You get killed by spiders often.
Yeah, no spiders in this in this XP
farm.
Oops.
Actually
before I place all of these blocks up
here on the roof, I should place the
trapdoors.
Hello Gus. Uh Gut Stark? Hello Gut
Stark. Welcome to the stream.
>> [crying]
>> What's up What's up Danny? Who are you
little bro?
I'm Kenzo. Welcome to my stream. This is
a stream for people that are learning
English.
Where we play Minecraft.
Did you know 1 + 1 = 2? I did. My first
live stream with you. Before I'm always
late. Haha. Awesome. Thanks for joining
the stream. I'm glad you were able to
make it this time.
There we go. We put some trapdoors here.
Now I need to put trapdoors on this
side.
Trapdoors.
Now the monsters will fall
down here and they'll be pushed
into this hole.
So I need to put more trapdoors on this
side.
All right. And more over here.
I need to place trapdoors on these sides
as well.
More trapdoors.
It takes a lot of trapdoors to build
this XP farm.
And one more side.
There we go.
Let me read some of your comments.
Welcome Sirnot. I'm glad you were able
to join my stream.
Yep, I'm building an XP farm today. A
mob farm. Hello Flampy boy. Thanks for
joining the stream.
Where is the barn? I'll show you.
The barn
is down below.
My barn is right there. It has a bunch
of bamboo growing on the roof.
That's my barn.
All right.
Now I need to place more trapdoors over
here, but I need to watch the tutorial.
Let's see.
I need to watch the tutorial to see
where to place
the trapdoors.
Okay.
We have to place the trapdoors like
this. I'll place one here and one here,
one here and one here.
There needs to be a one block space in
between the trapdoors.
You like my barn? Thanks.
I never remember how to make an XP farm.
We'll keep placing our trapdoors.
These trapdoors are to stop the spiders
from spawning.
That's why we're placing trapdoors here.
We'll place some on this side.
Okay.
Halfway done.
Break.
All right, just one side left.
Is Dinnerbone alive still alive? Yes, of
course.
Why do you hate spiders? I don't hate
spiders, but the spiders block Oh, no.
I need to be more careful.
The spiders block this farm.
They stop it from working.
Ooh.
That was close. That was close.
I need to eat.
Do you have a bucket you use that to
climb?
I have some buckets, but I don't have
any water.
I sent this
live stream research.
I see.
Hello, welcome. Thanks for joining the
stream.
All right, I'm going to jump back down.
I don't have any food.
I need to get some food.
Okay, I'm going to jump down here.
I need to heal.
Let's go back home and get some food.
Make bread.
Oh, I could make some bread. You're
right.
I'll make some bread. Hold on.
My crafting table is up there. I could
have made some bread using my crafting
table.
You can use Dinnerbone on every mob.
Really? It turns upside down every mob?
Next stream make an automatic smelter.
Ooh.
I'll have to look up how you build an
automatic smelter. Hello Diana. Thanks
for joining.
Kenzo, in which part of America do you
live? Is it warm now?
Um
Is it close to the weather in Minecraft
now? Kind of. I live in Utah. It's in
the western United States and it's
pretty warm. It's pretty hot right now.
Tell me in the chat where you're from.
Tell me where you're from in the chat.
You can name your horse Dinnerbone and
you can still ride it.
>> [laughter]
>> All right, let's get some food.
I can cook this meat.
I have some iron in here. We'll cook
some meat.
I'll make some bread.
There we go.
Chile?
Indonesia?
Brazil, okay.
I don't want to dox myself.
Fair enough.
Dog looks comfortable.
This dog looks so funny.
From Brazil?
Awesome. Thanks for joining. Welcome,
welcome to the stream.
I'll eat some more bread
so we can keep on healing.
From Morocco? Okay.
Whoa. Look at my can.
It's invisible.
>> [laughter]
>> Brazil?
All right.
Let's go check on our cows.
Let's check on our cows.
I need some wheat.
I'll take some hay bales
and I'll turn these hay bales into
wheat.
Okay.
Let's breed more cows.
I have a ton of cows. Look at this.
Look at all these cows.
Do you hear them?
I'm going to breed more cows. Oh, no.
Where's my wheat?
I put away the wheat.
Back to the house.
Ugh, I put away the wheat.
I meant to put away
the hay bales.
Now let's breed more cows.
Lots of people from Brazil, yep.
From Turkey  Poland, okay.
You should try to kill the cows with
lava if you want food.
So it will auto smelt the steak. True.
Poor cows got to give them more space.
I'm going to kill lots of these cows in
this stream so I can get some leather.
But for now I'm going to breed more.
More cows.
Look at all these cows.
So many cows.
>> [screaming]
>> All right, I got more XP.
More XP.
I'm going to kill some of these cows.
There are too many cows here.
Die. Die. Die.
I'm sorry, cows.
I'm killing some cows.
Let's see. We got 11 leather.
Okay.
Let's build some more books. Let's make
some more books.
Where is my paper? Here I have 54 paper.
Let's take this paper.
And
with our leather and paper, let's make
some books.
We can make 11 books.
And now
we'll turn these logs into some more
planks.
I'll make a bunch of planks.
Now, let's build some bookshelves.
Okay.
I made three more bookshelves.
I need to push Jeb out of the way, and
I'll put them here. 1 2
3.
>> [sighs]
>> Let's see. What is the highest level we
can enchant now?
I'll put the sword.
24.
24. So, we need more bookshelves.
We need more bookshelves.
Do you like Germany? Of course.
The cows didn't do anything to you.
I just needed the leather.
I needed the leather.
Hello, Valeria. Thanks for joining the
stream.
Whoa, there's one sheep in the cows'
cage. Yeah, there was one sheep in with
the cows.
Poor cows. I'm sorry, cows.
The cow gods are coming for revenge.
Are you going to expand your house? Yes.
Yes.
I definitely want to make my house
bigger in the future.
On a future live stream.
I'm going to go to sleep.
We're sleeping. Oh, I need to eat my
cereal.
I need to eat my cereal.
I forgot about my cereal.
The ones in the corners are no good.
It's better to put them on the side.
Oh.
These bookshelves in the corners don't
work?
Should I move them?
Over here?
Or over here?
Yeah, I'm going to make a second floor
to my house in the future. I'm
definitely going to make a second floor.
Kenzo, do you know anything about
orbital strike cannon? No, I've never
heard of this.
I'm eating my cereal. I forgot about my
cereal. I need to eat it.
I don't watch many Minecraft YouTubers
or not.
What Minecraft YouTubers do you watch?
Good ASMR.
Do you like the sounds of me eating my
cereal?
What is the orbital strike cannon? Is
that in Minecraft?
Are you an English teacher? I'm teaching
English here on this stream. Yep.
It's morning for you? No, right now it's
um
Let's see.
It's about 1:30 p.m. here in the US
where I live.
Hello from the UK.
Thanks for joining. Thanks for joining,
Forts.
Uh
Fotry Bend?
Almost done with my cereal.
A TNT nuke in Minecraft?
That sounds crazy.
All right, I'm done.
What happened to the dog?
The dog was flipped upside down when I
named it Dinnerbone.
Okay, let's continue.
Should I break these bookshelves in the
corners?
Tell me in the chat.
Do these bookshelves work or no?
Should I move them?
Yeah?
I'm going to try moving these
bookshelves.
I'll get my iron axe and I'll break
these bookshelves in the corners.
Okay, let's make some more bookshelves.
I'll put one here.
And maybe one
Hmm.
Maybe one here for now.
Now, let's see.
Still 24.
I think I just need more
bookshelves.
Okay.
My inventory is full.
I have 18 beef now. I should cook this
beef.
I'm cooking the beef in the furnace.
And I'll eat some of this mutton.
Okay.
I'm going to put some stuff away.
Iron.
Um
flint.
Okay.
Let's go back to the XP farm.
I'll get in my boat.
And let's sail over to the XP farm.
Yeah, when you name a sheep Jeb_,
it makes it rainbow.
It changes colors.
What games do you play besides
Minecraft? Um I play a lot of The
Binding of Isaac.
Um
a little bit of Counter-Strike here and
there.
I'm playing on Bedrock Edition
in this series.
This is Minecraft Bedrock Edition.
All right, let's swim up the waterfall.
I'm swimming up.
Did you beat the dragon yet? When you
going to do that? I haven't beat the
dragon yet. No.
I'm not strong enough to fight the
dragon yet.
Probably once I have diamond armor.
Enchanted diamond armor and tools.
Right now, my main goal is to get some
really powerful enchantments
on my tools and armor.
Oh, no.
I need to move this water up higher.
Wait.
Okay, I'll get some blocks.
I need to be careful. I'll place a block
here.
There we go.
Now, I'll get my bucket.
I'll pick up the water.
And I'll move the water up here.
And I'll break these.
All right.
Why is the XP farm so high? I think it's
to stop other monsters from spawning
down on the surface.
When you're up high in the air like
this,
the monsters don't spawn
down there.
So, more monsters spawn here.
Okay, I'll get my trapdoors.
And I'll continue placing trapdoors.
More trapdoors.
Okay.
I placed all the trap doors.
Now I'll get my deep slate.
And
I'll continue building the roof.
I'll build the roof out of deep slate.
This is going to take a lot of deep
slate blocks.
And what will you do with enchanted
tools? Something more powerful?
Yeah, the enchanted tools will make me a
lot more powerful.
I really want to get a pickaxe with the
fortune enchantment.
It is a good view. You can see really
far from up here.
It's a good view.
Make it 18 blocks high and place 18 to
20 torches.
On my XP farm?
If you put all the bookshelves on the
ground, it gives you level 30.
Oh, on the floor?
I'll keep placing blocks up on the roof.
You know how to speed build?
Speed bridge in bedrock edition?
I don't. What is speed bridging?
Oh, put torches on top. Yep.
I'll place torches on the roof when I'm
done building the roof.
I don't know what speed bridging is. Sir
not.
Is it like this? Is this speed bridging?
A car? Um, I've played
a lot of Halo. I've played a lot of
Cyberpunk.
I haven't played sim racing. No.
I really like Halo and Cyberpunk though.
Look it up. Speed building in bedrock.
It'll make your life easier. I will.
I'll look that up when I get off of this
stream.
So much stone.
I'll start placing some torches cuz the
sun is going down. I'll place some
torches up here.
Torches.
Hello. Welcome back burger buns.
All right.
Just a little bit more.
It's getting dark outside.
The stars are coming out. I can see the
stars up in the sky.
I need more deep slate.
I'll place a torch here.
Placing left click down and running.
Not moving back.
Let me try.
Oh, okay. So this is speed bridging.
Oops.
I messed it up.
I did it once.
Is aunt going to learn that?
>> [laughter]
>> Let me try. Let me try.
Oh, I got it. I got it.
I'm learning.
Oh, no.
I'll get the hang of it. I need to
practice more.
Like that?
Run forward, not backwards. What?
Oh, I can't jump up that way.
I'll have to look it up.
Almost done.
Okay, I completed the roof.
I'll place a torch here.
I think this is light enough. Maybe I'll
put one more here.
Do the same thing but look forward and
run.
Huh.
Oh, wow.
I fell.
I don't know how to do it. I'll have to
practice.
I'll practice speed bridging.
That was dangerous.
I'll be more careful. I knew there was
water underneath me.
So it's okay. I knew there was water
down there.
Mention you in a video?
>> [laughter]
>> Okay.
I can mention you in a video burger
buns.
You do with more clicks?
Do you have to click right click?
Okay.
Now
I need to go inside.
I'll break these blocks.
I'm going to get my bucket.
And I'll scoop up this water.
Okay.
The last thing I need to do is break
these torches.
I'm going to make a bridge here
using the trap doors.
And I'll start breaking these torches.
It's getting really dark. Oh.
I need to put these trap doors down.
There we go.
Break.
I think we're finished.
I need to get down there.
Maybe I can jump on top of my happy
ghast.
Come here happy ghast.
Going to place my water here.
Come here ghast.
No.
Come here. Come here.
Okay. I got on my happy ghast.
Danny.
Hello Danny.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm building an XP farm Danny.
Okay, let's fly over
to the farm. Oh, look.
Our first creeper in the farm.
I'm going to extend this platform a
little bit.
I want this to be bigger.
A skeleton just fell. It's working.
I'll place more blocks over here.
And some over here.
Okay.
Danny is one of my best friends.
Yeah, this is not cheating, Danny. This
is built into the game. Not cheating.
Okay, I like that.
Now, I'll get off of my happy ghast.
I'm going to break this.
We don't need a crafting table up here.
Woah, look. That zombie is holding a
spear.
The spear is going through my trap.
Now, if I hit these guys,
I'll kill the monsters and collect XP.
XP.
Die, creeper.
Die.
XP.
And the loot that the monsters drop goes
into this chest. See?
We've got a bone in here,
five arrows, a rotten flesh, gunpowder.
The farm is working.
More monsters.
So, I can wait here for a long time
and let monsters fall into the trap,
and then I can kill them all to get lots
of XP.
XP.
There it is.
And items. Oh, look.
I found an enchanted bow,
but it's almost broken.
Okay.
I want to get back on my happy ghast.
Use fortune on your sword.
Looting.
Yeah.
Looting is another enchantment that I
really want to get. Looting is one of
the best the best enchantments that you
can get on a sword.
Ooh, it hit me.
More XP.
Sorry, FortreeBend. This is my
single-player world. I'm only going to
play single-player on this world.
My XP farm is working.
Cool.
Come on, happy ghast.
Come here.
Jump.
I'm swimming up my waterfall
to try and get to my happy ghast.
Come here. Come here.
There we go. I'm on my happy ghast.
Now, I'll pick up this water.
And I'll place the water.
Um
for now, I'll place the water right
here.
And I can use this waterfall to get back
up
to my XP farm.
Okay. Let's fly back home.
I'm going to fly back to my house.
Next stream, make a villager breeder.
Ooh. That would be a good idea.
Don't make him bring villagers all the
way from the village. I think there's a
village close by, actually. Yeah, look.
There's a village right there.
So, it's pretty close to my house.
I could get some villagers.
Ooh, a bubble elevator.
A bubble elevator would be perfect for
my XP farm.
What do you need to make a bubble
elevator? Was it a magma block or soul
sand?
Which?
Can you make a public server so all of
the viewers can play with you? Maybe in
the future. That'd be a good idea for
the future.
Why is your supporter wall so empty? You
have so many supporters. Uh it's because
this supporter wall is mainly for my
supporters on my Kofi page.
I have a Kofi page. You can see it's up
here linked.
And for people that donate on my Kofi
page, I put their names on my wall.
Where are the
Where are the signs though?
Did my signs disappear?
Oh, there they are.
There they are. Phew. I just had to get
closer to them.
Soul sand brings you up, magma brings
you down. Okay.
Soul sand up, magma down. Okay.
Oh.
That was an accident.
I need to eat again.
I'll eat some steak.
Here we go.
Congratulations on your crown, Valeria.
I think that means you're commenting on
Yeah.
All right. Let's breed some more cows.
More cows.
I only have two wheat left.
I'm getting some XP from breeding the
cows as well. Oh, no. Look.
Now, there are three sheep
in with the cows.
I'm going to kill
a few more cows.
Oh, no.
It's because the gate was open.
I left my gate open.
What version are you playing? This is
Bedrock Edition.
Die.
Okay.
Ooh.
Those cows are really loud.
You have two or 21 supporters. Right
now, I only have two signs two signs on
my wall. I just built
this wall.
So, I'm going to add one sign each video
to my supporter wall.
So far, these are my supporters. Big
thank you to my supporters
on my Kofi page.
My Kofi page up here.
You should make a carpet to put on top
of your fences. I tried putting a carpet
I tried putting a carpet right here, but
because my roof is right here, my roof
was blocking me from jumping up there.
So, I had to build some fence gates.
You can find the warden.
He's a boss with 500 hearts.
I've never fought the warden before.
Okay, let's make some more bookshelves.
We have two books here.
And we have seven leather.
Do I have any more paper? Here, I have
21 paper.
I'll put this beef in the furnace and
we'll cook more beef.
I'll take some coal from this furnace
and I'll move it
to this furnace.
Now, we're cooking the beef.
I'm going to eat some steak.
The warden will kill you at one in one
shot.
The farm with animals should be
expanded.
Do you guys think I should expand my
barn?
Tell me in the chat if I should expand
my barn.
Make a sugar cane farm for farm for
paper.
I have some sugar cane over here.
I think I'll need more sugar cane.
I'm going to go collect some more sugar
cane.
Let's get some sugar cane.
More sugar cane.
Lots of sugar cane.
All right.
There we go.
I'll go back home.
Okay. Now I'll turn the sugar cane into
paper.
Let's make some paper.
I made a bunch of paper.
Now let's make seven more books.
Now I have nine.
Okay.
I made three more bookshelves.
Let's place these bookshelves.
One,
two,
three.
Now let's check the enchanting table.
There we go. Level 30.
We've done it.
Aw, no matter how much sugar cane you
add to the farm, it'll never be as sweet
as you.
Bless, Danny.
>> [laughter]
>> The music turned up a bit. I don't have
any music going. Hold on.
Wait.
I can turn on the music.
Uh I'll put it to 70%.
70%.
Now the music should start playing.
I've heard about the Herobrine.
All right. Let's try to get our first
level 30 enchantment.
Fire Aspect II.
Let's see.
Do I have any more books?
No more books.
Ooh, I have one leather here.
That means I can make at least one book.
Any more leather?
No.
Okay.
I'll make one book.
The level 30 enchantment on this book is
Sharpness III.
I want to enchant a bunch of books
with level 30 enchantments.
What is happening
over there?
Why is that water
up in the air still?
All right, the sun's going down. I'm
going to sleep.
I'm going to sleep.
You have to go, Sirnot. Thanks for
joining. Thanks for joining the stream.
Always good to see you.
You saw Herobrine in my world?
Okay, now we just need to get to level
30.
Let's go up to the XP farm.
Oh, there's a villager.
A turtle.
There's a turtle on the beach.
Hello, turtle.
Why is that water still there?
Let's see what the trading villager has.
Um
nothing that I want.
I haven't used my spear yet.
My diamond spear.
I'm going to try using my spear in this
stream. I'll put away my sword.
Okay.
Ooh.
A nautilus.
And there's some kelp.
Lots of fish underwater here.
Lots of different kinds of fish. Uh-oh,
I'm drowning.
I was drowning.
Here I can breathe.
Where are you from? I'm from the US.
What armor do you have right now? I have
some gold armor and some iron armor.
I'm trying to get some diamond armor.
I'm swimming up
up the waterfall.
Oh, no, I fell.
What is that?
What is
Oh, that's my phone.
One second.
What is going on?
There we go. I stopped that.
Okay, I'm back.
Some copper boots in the chest.
I'm going to get a lot of arrows from
this farm.
Which is great. I can start using
the bow.
Die.
I'm going to use my spear.
You can hit enemies with the spear from
further away.
Look.
I can hit those skeletons from here with
the spear.
And with the sword,
I'll wait for more enemies.
Come on, monsters. Look. Look, with the
sword,
I can't reach those enemies.
I can't hit them, but with the spear,
I can.
It has a longer reach.
Try sneaking while jumping on the chest
so you could be closer to the mobs. No,
no, you're trying to kill me.
I killed them much faster with the
spear.
The spear is really powerful.
More arrows.
I think I'm going to leave my game
running for a long time.
Maybe two or three hours.
And I'll wait here for mobs to spawn.
And then I'll kill them all.
You're not supposed to crouch. You're
not supposed to crouch
next to this farm because the creepers
can explode.
Die.
More XP.
Look at this.
I've already found two enchanted bows.
This one has Power II.
This one has Unbreaking II.
I'm going to throw some stuff away here.
I'll throw some rotten flesh.
I'll throw two sugar cane.
I'll throw some slabs.
More monsters are spawning.
Die.
More XP.
>> Die.
Okay, I'm going to go back down.
I'll go back down.
Jump.
I need to wait a longer time for the XP
farm.
I need to wait
at the XP farm for a few hours
to get a lot of XP from it.
You can get diamond armor from a
villager?
From trading?
I could go get some villagers.
I'm going to go get some villagers in my
boat.
First, I'm going to put some things away
because my inventory is always full.
I'll put all this away.
Oh, I need my compass. I need my
spyglass.
I don't need all this.
Okay.
The last thing I'm going to do in this
stream is get some villagers.
I want to bring some villagers over here
to my house.
I'll break my boat.
I'm going to get some villagers.
Okay.
Yep, I'll get two villagers.
Do I need two boats?
When will you do the next stream? I'll
do my next stream next week at the same
time. I'm going to stream every
Saturday.
You should try getting lunge on your
spear.
Yeah, I've I've heard that lunge is a
really good enchantment.
If I combined the bows at an anvil,
would they keep the enchantments or do
they lose the enchantments?
Okay, I'll get out of my boat.
The village is this way.
Oh.
Actually, I need to pick up my boat.
They get combined into one?
I see. So, combining them in an anvil is
a really good idea then.
Let's go to the village.
We're getting close.
There are some cows.
Okay, let's get some villagers.
Where are the villagers?
Villagers,
where are you?
Is there nobody living in this village?
You subscribed, thank you. Thank you,
FoadTree.
I'll try to stream more often in the
future, but for now, I'm just going to
start with one stream each week.
You lost your crown? Oh, no.
BurgerButtons took it.
Where are the villagers?
Here's a trading villager or a wandering
villager, but where are all the normal
villagers?
There we go, there's a villager.
Here's a farmer.
Place my boat.
Oh, no.
Oops.
Come on.
Come on. In the boat.
Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, this is going to take a long time.
And it's night time.
There are some zombies over there.
Oh, no, and some skeletons.
Die, zombie. I'm going to use my diamond
spear.
Oh, no, I don't have my shield.
Let's go. Let's go.
Oh, I can see a creeper over there.
No.
Die. Die.
Let's charge the creeper. Charge.
Charge.
I killed it.
Okay, let's get back in the boat. Sleep.
Yeah, yeah, good idea. I'll sleep.
I'll go to sleep.
I will go
to sleep.
The farmer is the last survivor.
Oh, no. No. No.
Well, my farmer is dead.
This zombie killed my villager.
Die, zombie.
Is there a faster way to move the
villagers than with a boat?
Hello from Yugoslavia?
Hello, welcome to the stream. Thanks for
joining.
Yeah, I think I left my shield back at
the house.
Is there a faster way
to move the villagers than with a boat?
Put two villagers and use a lead.
Oh, a lead. Okay.
I don't have a lead.
I might have a lead back at the house.
Let me see.
Are there ever leads in the villages?
Oh, no, look.
That villager became a zombie, too.
All of these villagers are turning into
zombies.
Oh.
Okay, I'm going to kill
this wandering villager.
Die. Die. Die.
I'm sorry, villager.
Die.
Okay, and I'll pick up this lead.
Okay.
I got a lead.
Now, I need to find some villagers.
Hopefully, there are still two villagers
that are alive.
Are there any more villagers here?
See you later, FoadTree. Thanks for
joining the stream. I'll see you next
time.
See you later.
I don't see any more villagers.
Villagers in here? No.
Any villagers over here?
I think all the villagers died in this
village.
All the villagers are dead.
One second.
Here we go.
Wait.
Okay.
All the villagers are dead in this
village.
So, I guess I need to find another
village. Wow, look. I can see my XP farm
from here.
It's huge.
Look.
Are there any other villages close by?
I think there's another village.
It's this way.
Any other villages close by?
I'll place my boat.
My boat.
And I'll get in the boat.
Yep, now it's an abandoned village.
There are no villagers left at that
village.
That village is abandoned.
Is the music too loud?
Is the music too loud in the stream?
Fun fact, Bedrock is coded on C++ while
Java is coded on Java.
Fun fact.
Any villages?
No.
Hmm.
What about over there?
No villages?
I don't see any villages.
Nope.
Okay. Well, I guess I won't be bringing
villagers back to my house.
They're all dead.
45%?
Let me turn it down.
We'll do 45%.
Thanks, Gaturon.
Hello, welcome back.
Welcome back to the stream.
Hopefully, I can find another village
close by.
All right, I'm back home, out of the
boat.
I'll pick up my boat.
Climb.
I need to expand my house.
My house
is too small right now.
Hello, Clasher.
Welcome to the stream.
I'm glad that you're enjoying my videos.
Maybe I'll work on the house a little
bit.
Do I have jungle wood? No.
>> [laughter]
>> I don't have any jungle wood.
I'll go chop down some trees and collect
some jungle wood.
A sheep has fallen into the hole.
And so has a horse.
Look at all these cows.
I don't have any wheat. I can't breed
more cows right now.
Let's chop down some trees and get some
wood.
I'll chop down this tree.
Two people from Donetsk.
Thanks for watching, you guys.
Gaturon, you need to go to sleep. It's
too late.
Go to sleep.
All right.
Here's another tree, but this tree is
huge.
I don't really like these huge trees.
Too big.
I'll chop down this tree.
Let's go down.
Here's another tree.
You speak other languages? Uh
I speak a bit of French and I speak a
little uh Spanish as well. Un poquito de
español también.
Okay, let's get some more
some more wood.
More jungle wood for our house.
Let's chop down all these trees.
All right, more wood.
Your mom is a French teacher? Nice.
Spanish is your native language? Where
are you from? Brazil?
Or uh no, that's Portuguese. Where are
you from?
Are you in Spain?
What kind of Spanish?
All right, let's get this tree.
Yeah, go to sleep. Thanks for joining uh
Gaturon.
See you later.
From Russia? Welcome.
Thanks for joining.
All right.
Ah.
The sun's going down.
I'll get a little bit more wood.
I built this tower in my very first
Minecraft hardcore video. Do you
remember this?
Does anybody in the chat remember this
from my first hardcore video?
I came down here.
And I hid underground
here in my first video in this series.
From Colombia? Ah, I see.
Hello, the Aphid Lord.
Welcome to the stream.
I'm going to get a little bit more
jungle wood.
Um
Oh, it's a panda bear.
Hello, panda bear.
I need to eat.
I'll eat a steak.
Let's chop down this tree.
Oh, no.
You remember Anastasia?
A relic, yes.
Okay.
I'm going to go back home.
I got a lot of wood.
Oh, skeleton.
I'm running home, running home.
Let's sleep.
Need to drink my Prime.
All right.
Woah.
Why did that zombie burn
in the water?
Okay.
I collected a bunch of jungle logs. We
can use these to expand
the house.
So, first I'm going to turn some of
these logs into planks.
But not all of them. Not all of them.
Um
We'll start with this.
Where's my sheep?
Oh, my sheep's in the corner.
Okay, I'm going to break this dirt.
Break.
Okay.
Oh, no.
My sheep's going to escape.
Okay, I place some wood.
No, no, no, no.
Okay.
Jeb is still trapped.
Kenzo, what are your future plans in
Minecraft? Well, right now uh-oh, no,
no, no.
We need to keep Jeb in the house.
Right now in Minecraft, my main goal is
to enchant some really powerful
armor and tools, probably diamond tools
and armor.
Right now, that's my main goal.
Do I have any cobblestone?
No cobblestone?
Here, I have cobblestone.
Oh, no.
Jeb escaped. Wait.
Wait.
There, I got some wheat.
Where did my sheep go?
Are you a teacher in real life? Like you
teach in a classroom? No, not English. I
teach art.
I teach art in classrooms. Uh-oh.
Come here, Jeb. Come here.
Okay.
I'll place some cobblestone
and I'll fix this wall.
There we go. Now Jeb is trapped inside.
And here in the corners,
I'm going to use some logs.
There we go. And one more corner.
Okay.
Do I have a shovel?
A shovel?
Maybe up here in the tools chest?
No.
I don't have a shovel.
I'll take some iron and I'll craft a
shovel. I'll also get my shield again.
I'll equip my shield.
You like art? You're studying the visual
arts. Okay. Cool.
Do you have any hobbies? And if yes,
what are they? Ooh, hobbies?
Um
Right now, my biggest hobby is making
arts, making
uh
prints.
I'll show you.
I like to carve.
I carve these blocks.
Like this.
Here's my creeper.
Here I carved
a creeper.
And with this block,
I make artwork.
I'll show [snorts] you.
So, I carve blocks like this and with
these blocks, you can make
prints.
You see?
Here is the print that came from this
block.
Do you guys like my my creeper print?
You like it?
It's so cool. Thank you, Valeria.
I'm glad you like it.
So, right now, that's probably my
biggest hobby.
I'm going to make an iron shovel.
You like it, Gut Sark? Thank you, thank
you.
Thank you, Burger Buns. I'm glad you
guys like my artwork.
If you go to my Kofi page up here,
on my Kofi page, there's also a lot more
art. So, you can check out my other
artwork on my Kofi page.
Thank you, thank you.
Oh, I didn't make the shovel.
There we go.
I'll dig up this dirt
and I'll replace this with cobblestone.
Okay.
I dug up the dirt and I'll replace it
with cobblestone.
I'll place cobblestone here on the
floor.
Hello, Metal.
Thanks for watching, Metal. Thanks for
joining the stream.
Hi Kenzo, I'm from Brazil and I
appreciate your videos. Keep going.
Thank you, Israel Costa. I saw you on my
last live stream. Thanks for joining.
I'm glad you're liking the videos.
Okay.
I replaced the floor with cobblestone.
And now I'm going to build more rooms.
Do I have a door?
Here I have two jungle doors. I'll take
them.
Let's see.
I need more space for chests.
I think I'm going to build a second
chest room
right here.
So, let's see. This is 1 2 3 4 5 5
blocks wide.
1 2 3 4 5.
Okay, let's go outside.
And I'll get my jungle planks.
I'll break this grass.
1 2 3 4 5.
Right here.
Okay. And here will be the corner, so
I'll use some jungle logs.
We'll go up three blocks. 1 2 3.
And here I'll place more planks.
More planks.
I'll put some windows right here.
I'll place some cobblestone
up here.
I don't have an axe anymore. I also need
to build an axe.
How old are you? I'm 27.
27. What about you?
I need to build an axe.
I'll get some sticks
and some iron.
Let's build an axe.
Create a storage room and put the copper
golem to arrange things for you. Oh.
How does that work?
What do you need to build a copper
golem, Gut Sark?
How do you build a copper golem?
There we go.
That's a little better.
Do I need to build copper chests for
that?
Copper.
Do I need to build copper chests
for the copper golems to arrange the
items?
17 from Peru. Ah, cool.
Okay, I'll break these. 1 2 3 4 5.
Oh, wait, I need glass.
I need glass.
I'll put my glass here.
There we go. Now I have a window.
And I'll get some torches.
I'll place some torches.
And I'll break these wooden planks.
All right.
I need to extend my roof over here into
this new space.
Here I can dig up the floor again.
Build it using copper block and a
pumpkin.
Okay.
It's kind of like a an iron golem then.
Okay, I dug up the floor.
Once again, I'll replace it with
cobblestone.
Okay, similar to an iron golem.
But it just takes one copper block.
I think I have copper. I'll try building
one.
Do I have copper?
I do.
I'll try making one gut stark.
I'll get my copper ingots.
I'll make a block of copper.
Okay, now I need to place a pumpkin on
top of the copper block.
My inventory is full again.
Go away items.
Go away.
I have too many items.
Um
Okay.
Now I'll get one pumpkin.
Um do I need shears? Do I need shears?
Okay, I do. I need to cut the pumpkin.
So I'll place the pumpkin.
Now I'll use my shears on the pumpkin.
Okay.
I turned the pumpkin into a carved
pumpkin.
Okay. Now I place
the copper block
and I put the carved pumpkin on top.
This?
Whoa.
And it created a copper chest.
Okay.
We made our first copper golem.
It is cute.
>> [laughter]
>> It's really small.
Wow.
This will be really helpful for me
because
my chests are a mess.
They're not organized.
Okay. So I need to build copper chests.
I'm going to break this chest
and I'll move it right here.
Okay.
And I'll craft some copper chests.
Um
I'll get some cherry logs.
I'll turn these cherry logs into cherry
planks.
Now using cherry planks, I'll make a
bunch of chests.
There we go. Now we have six more
chests.
I need more copper ingots.
So I need to go back underground to
search for more copper to make more
copper chests.
Room for a bed?
Oh.
You put the things in the copper chest
and he will
Oh, I don't need to make more copper
chests.
So if I put things in the copper chest
um like iron, cobblestone
logs
he will pick things up from the chest?
Oh, wow. Look. He has my ingots.
The copper golem is walking to my chest.
It's looking through the different
chests.
It's looking for somewhere to put
the iron ingot.
Mm.
I don't have more iron ingots.
I don't have any more iron ingots. So
where will it put
the iron ingots?
I don't know where this copper golem
will put my ingots.
Okay.
I'll make this copper chest a
double-wide copper chest.
Okay.
The copper golem needs to sleep?
Does the copper golem need a bed?
I'll go to sleep.
He will be crazy in a moment.
It's just opening all of my chests.
It's looking for a place to put the
ingots.
Okay. I'll continue placing chests here.
Um
Where are my jungle logs?
Did I run out of jungle logs?
Did I put them in here? Yes.
I'll place some jungle logs here. 1 2 3.
And some here. 1 2
3.
That way this side is the same
as this side.
Oh, and I'll put some here
and here.
Okay.
And I can put more chests
right here,
here, and here.
We'll have a lot more room for chests.
Put iron in a chest so he knows where to
put it. I don't have Oh, there we go.
So if I put one iron in here
now he'll place the iron with this
ingot.
Should I make more
copper golems?
Maybe I should build more
copper golems.
I don't think I have any more copper
ore.
No. Wait.
Here I have five.
I'll put it in the furnace.
Okay.
I'm not going to sleep anymore. I
watched the most absurd thing in my
dream. Anyways, I'm back.
Got to run. You have to go to sleep.
It's too late.
When you're free, check out the stream
clip in your Discord group. Okay. I'll
check that out when this is finished.
I'll go check out the Discord.
Okay.
Now I can make another one.
I need one more pumpkin.
One more pumpkin.
I'll place the pumpkin and let's carve
it with the shears.
Now I'll pick it up.
And let's make another copper golem.
There we go.
And look, another copper chest.
Um
I'll put the copper chests at the
bottom.
I'll put it here.
And I'll move this chest
up.
Okay.
Wow, now we have two
copper golems that are working to sort
the items in my chests.
I do have a Discord server. You can find
it in the description below.
You should join the Discord, Gutsark.
There are lots of people that are
learning English in the Discord.
Okay. Well,
I finished
the XP farm.
I finished building the XP farm.
And I expanded the house
a little bit.
I created the hallway
and another room for chests.
I'm about to end this stream.
But before I end the stream for today,
I'm going to go back up
to the XP farm. I'm going to end the
stream at the XP farm.
Where is my guest?
See you later, Gutsark. Thanks for
joining the stream.
Thanks for joining the stream, everyone.
Yes, I like the copper golem.
That was a really good idea, Gutsark.
Gutsark.
The copper golems will be very helpful
for me.
Come here. Jump.
No. No. There we go.
All right. The last thing I
The last thing I'm going to do on this
stream
is fly over
to the XP farm.
And I'll end at the XP farm.
Don't worry, Burger Buns. I'll put your
comment on a sign in one of my future
videos.
I want to make another wall
another wall for comments.
For the best comments.
Hello, AlanGamingPro.
Are you just joining?
Did you just join this stream?
Then you need to order your chests so
the copper golems know where to put
things. Yeah, you're right. I'll
organize my chests off camera.
You're right.
I'm flying over to the XP farm. We're
close.
Do you see that block?
That block is going to bug me.
I'm going to go up there and break that
block.
Break. Break. Break.
Okay. Now I'll fly over here. And I
think there's one more block on this
side.
Hello, Enchen.
I'm just about to end this stream, but
thanks for joining.
Um
Any more blocks I need to break?
Maybe not. Oh, here they are. Yep, I
need to break these.
Break.
And I'll break the second block.
There we go.
Perfect. Now I'll go here.
And I'll end the stream.
90 days. Yep, day 90. We've survived 90
days so far in this series.
I'm going to jump over to my platform.
And I'm going to wait here. I'm going to
leave this game running for two or three
hours. And I'll see how much XP I get.
But I'm going to end this stream right
here.
Thanks for joining, everyone. Thanks for
joining this stream. I'm going to be
streaming
next week at the same time. I'm going to
be streaming every Saturday.
So, thanks for joining. Thanks for
joining, Shooe Moe.
Thanks, Blur XRT.
Thanks for joining, Dennis.
See you later.
See you, AlanGamingPro.
Bye, Gutsark. Thanks for joining the
stream, you guys. And I will see you
guys next week.